End of Part 3
All the
lot's of fools...
Find some کےんぶつ to run down the rain.
Have you noticed is the rain?
The meal combs are iba Main
parameters
Hello. Hello.
What's that?
Don't say anything big.
You're just a three-man man.
You don't know anything.
Why don't you throw away the rough stuff?
Don't say anything bad.
The teacher who came back from school
wants to call Yasuki and ask him to do it again.
Go with him.
Where is Yasuki?
In Enoki Town.
What's his name?
Yui Shousatsu Dai.
I'll tell him.
Please carry this box.
Can a samurai carry a grave?
No?
Then I can't.
If you carry this box,
you can't do it.
If you can, ask for a second hand.
You can get 300 yen.
I'll give you 300 yen.
Put this in your wallet and carry the box.
Let's go.
What about the second hand?
I'll carry it.
I'm sure you'll be mad.
But if you carry it,
you won't be mad.
You're a bad father.
I had no choice.
I stood at the end of the pit.
I jumped out of the pit.